Add documentation about Picnic Shopping Cart add-item (#29959)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/picnic.markdown

| Next delivery slot start       | Start of the next delivery's delivery slot. |
| Next delivery slot end         | End of the next delivery's delivery slot. |

 ## Shopping cart

This integration provides a list containing the content of your shopping cart. This list is provided as a [to-do list](/integrations/todo/) and can also be found in the to-do list dashboard in the main sidebar of your Home Assistant instance. 

> You can add products to your shopping cart by entering a name in the 'Add item' field. Just like the [`picnic.add_product`](#service-picnicadd_product) service a search will be done and the first item found will be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add products to your shopping cart by entering a name in the **Add item** field. Just like with the [`picnic.add_product`](#service-picnicadd_product) service, a search will be done and the first item found will be added.
```
